Added three Chrome Concepts docs (#4674)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/web-platform/chrome-flags/index.md

%}

For example, Chrome wanted to allow users to try [picture-in-picture](/blog/watch-video-using-picture-in-picture/) video functionality, before rolling it out to everyone.

{% Img src="image/80mq7dk16vVEg8BBhsVe42n6zn82/KdaFOBbnf6k7MOEW1RRb.png",  
  alt="Chrome picture-in-picture allows users to keep watching a video from one tab, while working
in another tab.", width="533", height="300", params={style:'border: 1px solid black'} %}

The feature was made available behind a flag, so any user to try it out and give feedback. The code
and design were tested and polished based on the feedback, so now you can use picture-in-picture by
default in Chrome—and it works really well.

## Understand the risks

**Most Chrome users will never need to use Chrome flags**.

If you do set Chrome flags, you need to be careful. By activating or deactivating features, you
could lose data or compromise your security or privacy—and features you toggle with a flag may stop
working or be removed without notice.

If you're an enterprise IT admin, you should not use Chrome flags in production. You might want to
take a look at [enterprise policies](https://chromeenterprise.google/policies/) instead. 

> ## ...and proceed with caution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ...and proceed with caution
```

terminal. You run the command to open Chrome, and add the flags you want to set. There are a lot
more Chrome settings you can configure from the command line than what's available on the
`chrome://flags` page. 

For example, to run Chrome Canary from a terminal on a Mac, with the [Topics
API](/docs/privacy-sandbox/topics/) activated and [epoch
length](/docs/privacy-sandbox/topics/#epoch) set to 15 seconds, use the
following command:

``` text
/Applications/Google\ Chrome\ Canary.app/Contents/MacOS/Google\ Chrome\ Canary
--enable-features=BrowsingTopics:time_period_per_epoch/15s,PrivacySandboxAdsAPIsOverride,PrivacySandboxSettings3,OverridePrivacySandboxSettingsLocalTesting  
```

That's just one example! There are hundreds of other flags for activating, deactivating and
configuring less well-known features.

### Beware of flag conflicts 

It's possible that the flags you set could conflict with each other. In particular, the defaults for
a `chrome://flags` setting might, in some cases, override your command line configurations. So—if
the flags you set running Chrome from the command line don't work as expected, you should check your
`chrome://flags` page.  

> Also be aware that the `chrome://flags` page might not show the flag settings you've used from the
> command line. Instead, take a look at the `chrome://version` page. From the **Command Line** section
> of the page, you can check what flags are in play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also be aware that `chrome://flags` might not show the flag settings you've used from the
command line. Instead, take a look at `chrome://version`. From the **Command Line** section,
you can check what flags are enabled in your browser.
```

{% Img src="image/80mq7dk16vVEg8BBhsVe42n6zn82/iWCWmsz0Y7wmc8FQA7Is.png", alt="chrome://version page

> in Chrome Canary, Command Line section highlighted", width="800", height="445" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in Chrome Canary, Command Line section highlighted.", width="800", height="445" %}
```

This example matches the example above, that runs Chrome from the command line with flags.

## Two other ways to try out experimental features

You can enable a range of experimental features that don't have their own flag, by toggling the
`chrome://flags#enable-experimental-web-platform-features` flag. Documentation for new features will
explain when this is an option.

In [Chrome Beta](https://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/chrome/beta/) you can try out featured
experiments and give feedback, by toggling **Experiment** settings and relaunching the browser.
[Test experimental features in Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/10612145?hl=en-GB)
provides more detail.

{% Img src="image/80mq7dk16vVEg8BBhsVe42n6zn82/UstQP25xQaPlbih6Ok23.png",

>   alt="Screenshot of Experiments UI in Chrome Beta, showing Tab scrolling options",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  alt="Screenshot of Experiments UI in Chrome Beta, showing Tab scrolling options.",
```
